                                          BUSINESS RULES:

1.	Locations To Gym : Each location may contain multiple Gyms and each Gym must be contained by exactly one location. This is one to many relationship from Locations to Gym Where LocationID and GymID are primary keys in Locations and Gym entity relationships table respectively.
2.	Gym To Amenities: Each gym may offers multiple amenities, and each amenity many be offered by multiple gyms. This is a many-to-many relationship from Gym to Amenities where GymID and AmenitiesGymID are primary keys in Gym and Amenities entity relationships table respectively.
3.	Gym To Coaches: Each Gym must be trained by multiple coaches and each coach may be trained in multiple gyms. This is many to many relationship from Gym to Coaches where GymID and CoachID are primary keys in Gym and Coaches entity relationships table respectively.
4.	Gym To Classes: Each Gym must be availed by multiple Classes and each class may be availed by multiple gyms. This is many to many relationship from Gym to Classes where GymID is primary key in Gym entity relationship table and ClassName and Room are composite primary key in Classes entity relationships table .
5.	Coches To Certificates: Each coach may attain multiple certificates and each certificate must be attained by exactly one coach. This is one to many relationship from Coaches to Certificates where Where CoachID and CertificateID are primary keys in Coaches and Certificates entity relationships table respectively.
6.	Coaches To Reviews: Each coach may receive multiple reviews and each review must be received by exactly one coach. This is one to many relationship from Coaches to Certificates where Where CoacheID is primary key in coaches entity relationship table and ReviewCoachID is  primary key in Review entity relationships table .
7.	Coaches To References: Each coach may be given multiple references and each reference must be given by exactly one coach. This is one to many relationship from Coaches to References where Where CoacheID is primary key in Coaches entity relationship table and ClientID is  primary key in References entity relationships table.
8.	Courses To Certificates: Each course may possess multiple certificates and each  certificate must be possessed by exactly one course. This is one to many relationship from Courses to  Certificates where Where CourseID is primary key in Courses entity relationship table and CertificateID is  primary key in Certificates entity relationships table.
